Against DRM License - Version 1.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : Free Creations

Text :
----------------------------------


1. DefinitionsAuthor/s: the creator/s of an original work or the creator/s of a derivative work.Broadcasting: the use of any means of distribution
over a distance, such as telegraph, telephone, radio, television and
other comparable media, including communication to the public by
satellite and cable retransmission.Derivative work: a work based upon another work/s.Distribution: the marketing, the placing in
circulation or the making available to the public, by whatever means
and for whatever purpose, of a work or of copies thereof.Elaboration: all forms of modification, adaptation and transformation of a work.Lending: the making available for use of originals, of
copies or of carriers of copyright works, for a limited period of time
and for purposes other than those referred to in the paragraph 9.Original work: a work not based upon another work/s.Related rights: the rights that belong to the
performers, the producers of phonograms and broadcasting organizations
in relation to their performances, phonograms and broadcasts
respectively.Rental: the making available for use of originals, of
copies or of carriers of copyright works, for a limited period of time
and for direct or indirect economic or commercial advantage.Reproduction: the multiplication of copies of a work
by any means, such as copying by hand, printing, lithography,
engraving, photography, phonography, cinematography and any other
process of reproduction.Transcription: the use of means suitable for
transforming an oral work into a written work or into a work reproduced
by one of the methods referred to in the preceding paragraph.Translation: the translation of the work into another language or dialect.Work: the copyrightable work released under the terms and the conditions of this license.
2. License's area of applicability
This license is applicable to the works of the mind having a creative
character and belonging to literature, music, figurative arts,
architecture, theater or cinematography, whatever their mode or form of
expression.



3. Object

In particular, this license is applicable to:

a. literary, dramatic, scientific, didactic and religious works, whether in written or oral form;
b. musical works and compositions, with or without words,
dramatico-musical works and musical variations that themselves
constitute original works;

c. choreographic works and works of dumb show, the form of which is fixed in writing or otherwise;

d. works of sculpture, painting, drawing, engraving and similar figurative arts, including scenic art;

e. architectural plans and works;

f. works of cinematographic art, whether silent or with sound;

g. works of photographic art and works expressed with processes analogous to photography;

h. industrial design works that have creative character or inherent artistic character;
i. collective works formed by the assembling of works, or parts of
works, and possessing the character of a self-contained creation
resulting from selection and coordination with a specific literary,
scientific, didactic, religious, political or artistic aim, such as
encyclopedias, dictionaries, anthologies, magazines and newspapers;
j. works of a creative character derived from any such work, such as
translations into another language, transformations into any other
literary or artistic form, modifications and additions constituting a
substantial remodeling of the original work, adaptations, arrangements,
abridgments and variations which do not constitute an original work.



4. Grant of rights

Licensor authorizes licensee to exercise the following rights:

a. right of reproduction;
b. right of distribution;
c. right of publishing (also in a collection);
d. right of public performance or recitation;
e. right of broadcasting;
f. right of modification;
g. right of elaboration;
h. right of transcription;
i. right of translation;
j. right of lending;
k. right of rental;
l. right of commercial use.



5. Related rights

Licensor declares to be the owner of related rights and he authorizes licensee to exercise them.



6. No DRM
This license is incompatible with any technology, device or component
that, in the normal course of its operation, is designed to prevent or
restrict acts which are authorised or not authorised by licensor:
this incompatibility causes the inapplicability of the license to the
work.



7. Copyleft clause
Derivative works, performances of the work, phonograms in which the
work is fixed, broadcastings of the work must be released with a
license that provides:
a. the renunciation to exclusive exercise of rights referred to in the articles 4 and 5;
b. the same type of clause described in article 6;
c. the same type of clause described in this article.



8. Resolutory clause
Any breach of this license (in particular, the breach of the articles 6
and 7) will automatically retroactively void this license.



9. DISCLAIMER
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED. TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED.



10. Copyright notice

[Original work] Copyright (C) [year/s] [name/s of author/s]
[Derivative work] Copyright (C) [year/s] [name/s of author/s]


Events :
----------------------------------

     Against DRM License - Version 1.0 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 06, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/