CCD CopyWrite - Version 0.8
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : Apotheon

Text :
----------------------------------


LICENSE TERMS SUMMARY:

The current CCD CopyWrite license text
is written with the intent of being understandable to the layman while
still providing adequate legal protection and clarity for the terms of
the license.  The latter goal can interfere with the former,
however, and as such a shorter summary of the intent of the license
terms is provided here:IN BRIEF: This license is meant to mimic the "public domain",
a concept particular to certain countries, which means that no
copyright or patent claims are enforced.  This is modified by two
points:Unlike the public domain, nothing licensed CCD CopyWrite can be subsumed under terms of a contrary copyright license.Legally enforced "reminders" to avoid plagiarism or misattribution apply to works licensed under terms of CCD CopyWrite.SECTION BY SECTION:Identification: This section simply explains how the license should be identified.Applicability:
This section addresses the legal applicability of the license.  It
basically means "apply this license as faithfully as possible in your
legal jurisdiction, and understand that you must identify a work as
being subject to the terms of this license before its terms apply to
the work".Definitions: This section lays out
definitions of terms as they are used in the license text, so that
legal confusion over how terms are used can be minimized.Copyright License:
This section explains in brief the relationship of this license to
copyright law.  It basically says you can do whatever you want
with something distributed under terms of this license except change
its license terms.Patent License: This
section explains in brief the relationship of this license to patent
law.  Like the Copyright License section above it, this section
basically says you can do whatever you want with something distributed
under terms of this license except change its license terms, even as
applies to patent law — as long as the people who employed patented
concepts in contributions to the work did so legally.Distribution: This section says you must provide a copy of this license when redistributing a work under terms of this licensenot
omit copyright, patent, trademark, or attribution notices from a
derivative work unless those notices do not apply to the derived workpreserve
any attribution from a NOTICE file distributed with the work that still
pertains to a redistributed copy or derivative work, so long as it is
still relevant to the work, and you can add to the NOTICE file to
reflect addtional attribution when distributing a derived workTrademarks: This section indicates that applicability of trademark law is not modified by this license.Revocation:
This section warns that for anyone who violates the terms of this
license, the permissions granted by it shall be considered to be
revoked.Disclaimer: This section makes it clear that nothing in the license should be interpreted as a grant of warranty.Limitation of Liability:
This section further makes it clear that in distributing the work,
nobody should be held responsible for how it is used or misused, except
where malicious intent or depraved indifference is involved.  In
other words, if you don't mean for anyone or anything to get hurt, you
shouldn't be blamed if someone or something is hurt.Warranty Acceptance:
This section makes it clear that the Disclaimer and Limitation of
Liability sections should not be interpreted to mean that nobody can
offer warranties on the software, if they want to do so, but that they
alone are then responsible for the warranty terms.Licensing: This section states the license version number and discusses the relationship between the license and the work.
The above summary will not exactly correspond with older, archive versions of the CCD CopyWrite license.

LICENSE TEXT:


  
  CCD CopyWrite Version 0.8
http://ccd.apotheon.org
IDENTIFICATION:
    This document comprises an explanation of the
legal terms and conditions for reproduction, distribution, and use of
any work to which it is applied as a distribution license.  It
shall be known as any of the following terms, though the preferred
primary notice of license status shall be option number 2, preferably
with date of the work's copyright appended.
        1.  Credit as Credit's Due CopyWrite
        2.  CCD CopyWrite
        3.  CopyWrite
    The terms "Credit as Credit's Due CopyWrite",
"CCD CopyWrite", and "CopyWrite", as applied to this License for
distribution, are protected by any applicable trademark and copyright
restrictions.  This License should not be construed to apply to
its own content except as explicitly defined within the text of this
License.
APPLICABILITY:
    This License applies to any work which contains
a notice by the legal copyright holder or as allowed under the terms of
LICENSING below indicating that it may be distributed under the terms
of the Credit as Credit's Due CopyWrite license.  The term Work as
used in this document refers to any work (original or derivative) to
which this License applies.  If any provision of this License is
invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this
License.
DEFINITIONS:
    "Contribution" shall mean any work of
authorship, including the original version of the Work and any
modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof,
that is intentionally submitted to the Licensor for inclusion in the
Work by the copyright owner or by any individual or entity authorized
to submit on behalf of the copyright owner.  For the purposes of
this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or
written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives,
including but not limited to communication on or by electronic mailing
lists, issue tracking systems, postal mail, private emails, and source
code control systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor
for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."
    "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any
individual or entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received
by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.
    
    "Derivative Work" shall mean any work, whether
in Source or Object form, that is based on or derived from the Work and
for which annotations, editorial revisions, elaborations, or other
modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of
authorship.  For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link or
bind by name to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works
thereof.
    "License" shall mean the terms and conditions
for reproduction, distribution, and use as defined by the content of
this License document.
    "Licensor" shall mean the copyright holder or
entity authorized by the copyright holder, directly or by terms of this
License, that is granting the License.
    "Object" form shall mean any form of the Work
distributed under terms of this License resulting from mechanical
translation or transformation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated document, binary data or
content file, compressed file, and conversion to any other media types.
    "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for
making modifications, including but not limited to configuration files,
documentation source, markup format, musical notation, plain text
format, and software source code.
    "Work" shall mean the work of authorship,
whether in Source or Object form, made available subject to the terms
of this License.
    "You" shall mean any individual or entity exercising permissions granted by this License.
COPYRIGHT LICENSE:
    Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license
to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and any Derivative Works
in Source or Object form.
PATENT LICENSE:
    Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to
make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to any patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are either explicitly identified as
licensed, or infringed by their Contribution alone or by combination of
their Contribution with the Work to which such Contribution was
submitted.
    
DISTRIBUTION:
    You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the
following conditions:
        A. You must provide to
any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this
License.
        B. You must retain, in
the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all
copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source
form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any
part of the Derivative Works.
        C. If the Work includes
a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative
Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at
least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file
distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within
a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such
third-party notices normally appear.  The contents of the NOTICE
file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License.  You may add attribution notices within Derivative Works
that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text
from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot
be construed as modifying the License and do not contradict applicable
surviving attribution notices from earlier versions of the Work or
Works from which Derivative Works are derived.
TRADEMARKS:
    This License does not grant permission to use
the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the
Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in
describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the
NOTICE file. 
REVOCATION:
    Any violation of the terms of this License
shall constitute a revocation of the terms of this License for the
violator and restriction of any use of the content of the Work, in
total or in part, by the violator, in perpetuity.  All right to
use or distribution of the licensed Work, or profits garnered from use
or distribution, shall be forfeit.
DISCLAIMER:
    The terms of this License shall not be
construed to imply warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using
or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your
exercise of permissions under this License.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
    In no event and under no legal theory, whether
in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required
by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or
agreed to in writing according to the terms of WARRANTY ACCEPTANCE
below, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including
any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of
any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or
inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or
any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such
Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
WARRANTY ACCEPTANCE:
    While redistributing the Work or Derivative
Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability
obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in
accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on
Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and
only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor
harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against,
such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or
additional liability.
    
LICENSING:
    This License constitutes Version 0.8 of the
Credit as Credit's Due CopyWrite License (CCD CopyWrite, or
CopyWrite).  It may at the discretion of any distributor or
redistributor (You) be replaced with later Versions of the CCD
CopyWrite License for inclusion of CopyWrite notice with distributions
of the Work, whether as the original Work or a Derivative Work. 
Where individuated reference to any given Version of the License is not
specified, it is to be assumed that the most recent Version of the
License is applicable.  The text of this License may be reproduced
and redistributed in unmodified form, in its entirety, at will. 
Excerpts may be reproduced and redistributed as well, subject where
applicable to terms presented under IDENTIFICATION above.  You may
not redistribute any Work subject to the terms of this License under
any other license except as explicitly set forth in this paragraph.


RELEASE VERSION ARCHIVE:

CCD CopyWrite v0.2:This
was the first release version of CCD CopyWrite.  Its form was
based on the Creative Commons Attribution License, with very brief
verbal endorsement by telephone from a representative of Creative
Commons.  Unfortunately, I don't recall who it was, and I'm sure
they didn't even bother to write anything down on a sticky note in
relation to my call.  Regardless, the CC Attribution License was
the closest in form of any existing license to achieving what I wanted,
legally speaking.  Very (relatively) few alterations needed to be
made to get the first release version off the ground, allowing me to
start stamping emails, administration scripts, and online essays with a
URL pointing at the CCD CopyWrite license.CCD CopyWrite v0.8:Development
of version 0.8 actually began as development of version 0.6, but 0.6
never materialized.  The point, of course, was to alter the format
of the CCD CopyWrite license to simplify the language of the license
significantly from its 0.2 release version.  Version 0.8 was put
together by gutting the development version 0.5 and adding clear
English language, inspired to some extent by other licenses like the
BSD licenses and Apache License v2.0, some of the legal language of
which might be clearly recognizable as inspiration for version 0.8 of
CCD CopyWrite.


Events :
----------------------------------

     CCD CopyWrite - Version 0.8 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 06, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/