Creative Archive Licence (CAL) - Version 1.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC)

Text :
----------------------------------


1. Definitions
  "Credit/Crediting" (Attribution) means acknowledging the Original Authors and/or Licensors of any Works and/or Derivative Work that You Share;
   "Derivative Work"
means any work created by the editing, adaptation or translation of the
Work in any media or any work made up of a number of separate works in
which the Work is included in its entirety in unmodified form;
  "Licence" means this Creative Archive licence for use within the UK;
   
  "Logo" means the Creative Archive Licence logo attached to or incorporated in the Work;
   
  "No-Endorsement"
means that You must not use the Work and/or Derivative Work in any way
that would suggest or imply the Licensor's support, association or
approval;
  "Non-Commercial"
means personal use or use for educational purposes within any
educational establishment listed in Annexe A, but excludes any
commercial use (including professional, political or promotional uses);

  "Original Author" means the individual (or entity) who created the Work and who should always be Credited.
  "Share" means to
communicate or make available to other members of the public by
publishing, distributing, performing or other means of dissemination;
   "Share-Alike" means Sharing the Work and/or Derivative Work under the same terms and conditions as granted to You under this Licence;
   "Work" means the work protected by copyright which is offered under the terms of this Licence;
  2. Grant of Licence
  2.1
The Licensor hereby grants to You a Non-Commercial, No-Endorsement,
payment-free, non-exclusive licence within the United Kingdom for the
duration of copyright in the Work to copy and/or Share the Work and/or
create, copy and/or Share Derivative Works on any platform in any media.
  2.2  HOWEVER the licence granted in Clause 2.1 is provided to You only if You:
  2.2.1.
make reference to this Licence (by URL/URI, spoken word or as
appropriate to the media used) on all copies of the Work and/or
Derivative Works Shared by You and keep intact all notices that refer
to this Licence;
  2.2.2.    share the Work and/or any Derivative Work only under the terms of this Licence (i.e.Share-Alike);
  2.2.3
do not impose any terms and/or any digital rights management technology
on the Work and/or Derivative Work that alter or restrict the terms of
this Licence or any rights granted under it;
  2.2.4.    credit (attribute) the Original Author and/or Licensor(s) in a manner appropriate to the media used;
  2.2.5.
do not use the Work (which includes any underlying contributions to the
work) and/or any Derivative Work for any illegal, derogatory or
otherwise offensive purpose or through the use of the Work or any
Derivative Work bring the Licensor's (or underlying rights owners')
reputation into disrepute;
  2.2.6    keep this Licence intact and unaltered and including all notices, including FAQs that refer to this Licence.
  2.2.7
attach the Logo to any Work or Derivative Work you Share under the
terms of this Licence to identify the source of the Work and/or
Derivative Work and in order to demonstrate your agreement with the
Licence terms. The Logo may not be altered or distorted in any way or
used for any other purpose
  2.3 Each time You
Share the Work and/or Derivative Work, the Licensor(s) offer to the
recipient a Share-Alike licence to the Work provided the recipient
complies with the terms of this Licence in respect of the Work and the
Work as incorporated in the Derivative Work.
  2.4
This Licence does not affect any rights that You may have under any
applicable law, including fair dealing or any other exception to
copyright infringement.
   
  3. Warranties and Disclaimer
  3.1
The Licensor warrants that the Licensor is either the Original Author
or has secured all rights in the Work necessary to grant this Licence
in respect of the Work to you and that it has the right to grant
permission to use the Logo as set out in this Licence
  3.2
Except as expressly stated in Clause 3.1 the Licensor provides no other
warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Work.
   
  4. Limit of Liability
  4.1
Subject to any liability which may not be excluded or limited by law
and/or any liability that You may incur to a third party resulting from
a breach by the Licensor of its warranty in Clause 3.1 above, the
Licensor shall not be liable and hereby expressly excludes any and all
liability for loss or damage howsoever and whenever caused to You or by
You.
   
  5. Termination 
  5.1
The rights granted to You under this Licence shall terminate
automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this Licence.
Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works from You
under this Licence, however, will not have their licences terminated
provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with
these Licence terms.
    
  6. General
  6.1
If any provision of this Licence is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms of this Licence 
  6.2
This Licence constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings,
agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified
here. The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that
may appear in any communication from You. 
  6.3
A person who is not a party to this Licence will have no rights under
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its
terms. 
  6.4 (The BBC) reserves the right to
change the terms of this Licence at any time. Any changes that (the
BBC) considers at its discretion significantly alter the terms of the
Licence, shall be notified to You.
  6.5 This
Licence shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the
parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English
Courts. 
   
  ANNEXE A
  Educational Establishments
  For the purposes of this Licence, an educational establishment shall mean:
- those bodies set out under S174 of the Copyright Designs and Patents
Act 1988, which include schools, universities, higher education
colleges and colleges of further education
- museums accredited by the MLA (Museums, Libraries and Archives
Council) or funded/sponsored by the DCMS (Department for Culture, Media
and Sport)


Sections (TOC) :
----------------------------------

    * CUA Office Public License (CUA-OPL) - Version 1.0
        3,599 Words; 24,329 Characters

    * Definition of Free Cultural Works - Version 1.0
        1,515 Words; 11,159 Characters

    * Definition of Free Cultural Works - Version 1.1
        1,455 Words; 12,246 Characters

    * Design Science License (DSL) - Version 1.0
        1,335 Words; 8,560 Characters

    * Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License (WTFPL) - Version 1.0
        57 Words; 393 Characters

    * Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License (WTFPL) - Version 2.0
        68 Words; 503 Characters

Sections (Content) :
----------------------------------

* CUA Office Public License (CUA-OPL) - Version 1.0


CUA Office Public License Version 1.0 (CUA-OPL-1.0)

1. Definitions.

1.0.1. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the
Covered Code available to a third party.

1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to
the creation of Modifications.

1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original
Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications
made by that particular Contributor.

1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the
combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case
including portions thereof.

1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally
accepted in the software development community for the electronic
transfer of data.

1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source
Code.

1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified
as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit
A.

1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or
portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.

1.8. "License" means this document.

1.8.1. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum
extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or
subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.

1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the
substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous
Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a
Modification is:
A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file
containing Original Code or previous Modifications.

B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or
previous Modifications.

1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code
which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as
Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this
License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.

1.10.1. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or
hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process,
and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.

1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for
making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus
any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control
compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code
differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another
well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The
Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the
appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available
for no charge.

1.12. "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity
exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this
License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1.
For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of
this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect,
to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such
entity.

2. Source Code License.

2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.
The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property
claims:
(a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or
trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce,
modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original
Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or
as part of a Larger Work; and

(b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or
selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice,
sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the
Original Code (or portions thereof).

(c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are
effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes
Original Code under the terms of this License.

(d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is
granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2)
separate from the Original Code; or 3) for infringements caused
by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the
combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.

2.2. Contributor Grant.
Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor
hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license

(a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or
trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify,
display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications
created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an
unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code
and/or as part of a Larger Work; and

(b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or
selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone
and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions
of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have
made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that
Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of
Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor
Version (or portions of such combination).

(c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are
effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of
the Covered Code.

(d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is
granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the
Contributor Version; 2) separate from the Contributor Version;
3) for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of
Contributor Version or ii) the combination of Modifications made
by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the
Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims
infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by
that Contributor.

3. Distribution Obligations.

3.1. Application of License.
The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are
governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation
Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be
distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version
of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a
copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You
distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code
version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this
License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include
an additional document offering the additional rights described in
Section 3.5.

3.2. Availability of Source Code.
Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be
made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License
either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted
Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an
Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic
Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12)
months after the date it initially became available, or at least six
(6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification
has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for
ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the
Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.

3.3. Description of Modifications.
You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a
file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and
the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that
the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original
Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the
Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an
Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the
origin or ownership of the Covered Code.

3.4. Intellectual Property Matters
(a) Third Party Claims.
If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's
intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights
granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2,
Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code
distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the
party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will
know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after
the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2,
Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies
Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps
(such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)
reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered
Code that new knowledge has been obtained.

(b) Contributor APIs.
If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming
interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which
are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must
also include this information in the LEGAL file.

(c) Representations.
Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to
Section 3.4(a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's
Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or
Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by
this License.

3.5. Required Notices.
You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source
Code. If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source
Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a
location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely
to look for such a notice. If You created one or more Modification(s)
You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in
Exhibit A. You must also duplicate this License in any documentation
for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership
rights relating to Covered Code. You may choose to offer, and to
charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability
obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You
may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial
Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than
any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is
offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial
Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the
Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,
support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.

3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.
You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the
requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code,
and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of
the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License,
including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the
obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included
in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or
collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the
Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered
Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may
contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in
compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the
Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's
rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this
License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different
license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ
from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial
Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the
Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by
the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such
terms You offer.

3.7. Larger Works.
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code
not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger
Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the
requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.

If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to
statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with
the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)
describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description
must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must
be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the
extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be
sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to
understand it.

5. Application of this License.

This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has
attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.

6. Versions of the License.

6.1. New Versions.
CUA Office Project may publish revised
and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version
will be given a distinguishing version number.

6.2. Effect of New Versions.
Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the
License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that
version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms
of any subsequent version of the License published by CUA Office Project. No one
other than CUA Office Project has the right to modify the terms applicable to
Covered Code created under this License.

6.3. Derivative Works.
If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may
only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code
governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that
the phrases "CUA Office", "CUA", "CUAPL", or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your
license (except to note that your license differs from this License)
and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license
contains terms which differ from the CUA Office Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial
Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in
Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of
this License.)

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF
DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING.
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE
IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,
YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE
COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER
OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF
ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

8. TERMINATION.

8.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure
such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All
sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall
survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their
nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License
shall survive.

8.2. If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement
claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer
or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom
You file such action is referred to as "Participant") alleging that:

(a) such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly
infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such
Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License
shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively,
unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i)
agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable
royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such
Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to
the Contributor Version against such Participant. If within 60 days
of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not
mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim
is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under
Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of
the 60 day notice period specified above.

(b) any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's
Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then
any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b)
and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used,
sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that
Participant.

8.3. If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant
alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or
indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as
by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent
infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses
granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken
into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or
license.

8.4. In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above,
all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers)
which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder
prior to termination shall survive termination.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL
DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE,
OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR
ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN
INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY
RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW
PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO
THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.

The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in
48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such
terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48
C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),
all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those
rights set forth herein.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject
matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by
California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if
any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.
With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of,
or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United
States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be
subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern
District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County,
California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including
without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract
shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this
License.

12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.

As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is
responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,
out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to
work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such
responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or
shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.

13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.

Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as
"Multiple-Licensed". "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial
Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under
Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified
by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.

EXHIBIT A - CUA Office Public License.

``The contents of this file are subject to the CUA Office Public License
Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://cuaoffice.sourceforge.net/

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations
under the License.

The Original Code is ______________________________________.

The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.
Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______
_______________________. All Rights Reserved.

Contributor(s): ______________________________________.

Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms
of the _____ license (the "[___] License"), in which case the
provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those
above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use
your version of this file under the CUAPL, indicate your decision by
deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice and
other provisions required by the [___] License. If you do not delete
the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file
under either the CUAPL or the [___] License."

[NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of
the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should
use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the
Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.]





* Definition of Free Cultural Works - Version 1.0


Definition/1.0
	
		From Definition of Free Cultural Works
		
		Jump to: navigation, search
		
Version 1.0This is version 1.0
of the definition. The version number will be updated as the definition
develops. The editable version of the definition can be found at Definition/Unstable. See authoring process for more information, and see translations if you want to contribute a version in another language.
stable version 1.1
  Summary 
This document defines "Free Cultural Works" as works or expressions
which can be freely studied, applied, copied and/or modified, by
anyone, for any purpose. It also describes certain permissible
restrictions that respect or protect these essential freedoms. The
definition distinguishes between free works, and free licenses which can be used to legally protect the status of a free work. The definition itself is not a license; it is a tool to determine whether a work or license should be considered "free."

  Preamble 
Social and technological advances make it possible for a growing part of humanity to access, create, modify, publish and distribute various kinds of works - artworks, scientific and educational materials, software, articles - in short: anything that can be represented in digital form. Many communities have formed to exercise those new possibilities and create a wealth of collectively re-usable works.
Most authors, whatever their field of activity, whatever their
amateur or professional status, have a genuine interest in favoring an
ecosystem where works can be spread, re-used and derived in creative
ways. The easier it is to re-use and derive works, the richer our
cultures become. To ensure the graceful functioning of this ecosystem, works of authorship should be free, and by freedom we mean:

 the freedom to use the work and enjoy the benefits of using it
 the freedom to study the work and to apply knowledge acquired from it
 the freedom to make and redistribute copies, in whole or in part, of the information or expression
 the freedom to make changes and improvements, and to distribute derivative works
These freedoms should be available to anyone, anywhere, anytime.
They should not be restricted by the context in which the work is used.
Creativity is the act of using an existing resource in a way that had
not been envisioned before.
In most countries however, these freedoms are not enforced but suppressed by the laws commonly named copyright laws.
They consider authors as god-like creators and give them an exclusive
monopoly as to how "their content" can be re-used. This monopoly
impedes the flourishing of culture, and it does not even help the
economic situation of authors so much as it protects the business model
of the most powerful publishing companies.
In spite of those laws, authors can make their works free by choosing among a vast array of legal documents known as free licenses. For an author, choosing to put his work under a free license does not mean that he loses all his rights, but it gives to anyone the freedoms listed above.
It is important that any work that claims to be free provides,
practically and without any risk, the aforementioned freedoms. This is
why we hereafter give a precise definition of freedom for licenses and for works of authorship.

  Identifying Free Cultural Works 
This is the Definition of Free Cultural Works, and when
describing your work, we encourage you to make reference to this
definition, as in, "This is a freely licensed work, as explained in the
Definition of Free Cultural Works." If you do not like the term
"Free Cultural Work," you can use the generic term "Free Content," or
refer instead to one of the existing movements that express similar freedoms in more specific contexts. We also encourage you to use the Free Cultural Works logos and buttons, which are in the public domain.
Please be advised that such identification does not actually confer the rights described in this definition; for your work to be truly free, it must use one of the Free Culture Licenses or be in the public domain.
We discourage you to use other terms to identify Free Cultural
Works which do not convey a clear definition of freedom, such as "Open
Content" and "Open Access." These terms are often used to refer to
content which is available under "less restrictive" terms than those of
existing copyright laws, or even for works that are just "available on
the Web".

  Defining Free Culture Licenses 
Licenses are legal instruments through which the owner of certain
legal rights may transfer these rights to third parties. Free Culture
Licenses do not take any rights away -- they are always optional to
accept, and if accepted, they grant freedoms which copyright law alone
does not provide. When accepted, they never limit or reduce existing
exemptions in copyright laws.

  Essential freedoms 
In order to be recognized as "free" under this definition, a license must grant the following freedoms without limitation:

 The freedom to use and perform the work: The licensee
must be allowed to make any use, private or public, of the work. For
kinds of works where it is relevant, this freedom should include all
derived uses ("related rights") such as performing or interpreting the
work. There must be no exception regarding, for example, political or
religious considerations.
 The freedom to study the work and apply the information:
The licensee must be allowed to examine the work and to use the
knowledge gained from the work in any way. The license may not, for
example, restrict "reverse engineering".
 The freedom to redistribute copies: Copies may be
sold, swapped or given away for free, as part of a larger work, a
collection, or independently. There must be no limit on the amount of
information that can be copied. There must also not be any limit on who
can copy the information or on where the information can be copied.
 The freedom to distribute derivative works: In order
to give everyone the ability to improve upon a work, the license must
not limit the freedom to distribute a modified version (or, for
physical works, a work somehow derived from the original), regardless
of the intent and purpose of such modifications. However, some
restrictions may be applied to protect these essential freedoms or the
attribution of authors (see below).
  Permissible restrictions 
Not all restrictions on the use or distribution of works impede
essential freedoms. In particular, requirements for attribution, for
symmetric collaboration (i.e., "copyleft"), and for the protection of
essential freedom are considered permissible restrictions.

  Defining Free Cultural Works 
In order to be considered free, a work must be covered by a Free Culture License, or its legal status must provide the same essential freedoms
enumerated above. It is not, however, a sufficient condition. Indeed, a
specific work may be non-free in other ways that restrict the essential
freedoms. These are the additional conditions in order for a work to be
considered free:

 Availability of source data: Where a final work has
been obtained through the compilation or processing of a source file or
multiple source files, all underlying source data should be available
alongside the work itself under the same conditions. This can be the
score of a musical composition, the models used in a 3D scene, the data
of a scientific publication, the source code of a computer application,
or any other such information.  Use of a free format: For digital files, the format
in which the work is made available should not be protected by patents,
unless a world-wide, unlimited and irrevocable royalty-free grant is
given to make use of the patented technology. While non-free formats
may sometimes be used for practical reasons, a free format copy must be available for the work to be considered free.
 No technical restrictions: The work must be available in a form where no technical measures are used to limit the freedoms enumerated above.
 No other restrictions or limitations: The work itself
must not be covered by legal restrictions (patents, contracts, etc.) or
limitations (such as privacy rights) which would impede the freedoms
enumerated above. A work may make use of existing legal exemptions to
copyright (in order to cite copyrighted works), though only the
portions of it which are unambiguously free constitute a free work.
In other words, whenever the user of a work cannot legally or
practically exercise his or her basic freedoms, the work cannot be
considered and should not be called "free."

  Further reading 
 See Licenses for discussion of individual licenses, and whether they meet this definition or not.
 See History for acknowledgments and background on this definition.
 See the FAQ for some questions and answers.
 See Portal:Index for topic-specific pages about free cultural works.
  Versioning 
New versions of this definition shall be released as soon as a consensus (achieved directly or through a vote, as per the authoring process)
has developed around suggested changes. Numbering shall be 0.x for
initial draft releases, 1.x, 2.x .. for major releases, x.1, x.2 .. for
minor releases. A minor release is made when the text is modified in
ways which do not have an impact on the scope of existing or
hypothetical licenses covered by this definition.



* Definition of Free Cultural Works - Version 1.1


 Original, v.1.1: English
 Translations, v.1.1 (updated and reviewed): Български • Català • Česky • Ελληνικά • Esperanto • Español • Français • Galego • Italiano • 한국어 • Македонски • Nederlands • Polski • Português • Română • Русский • Slovenčina • Slovenščina • Svenska • Tiếng Việt
 Translations, v.1.0 (update/review pending): Deutsch • ‪Norsk (bokmål)‬ • Suomi
 More in progress


Stable versionThis is the stable version 1.1
of the definition. The version number will be updated as the definition
develops. The editable version of the definition can be found at Definition/Unstable. See authoring process for more information, and see translations if you want to contribute a version in another language.
version 1.0
  Summary 
This document defines "Free Cultural Works" as works or expressions
which can be freely studied, applied, copied and/or modified, by
anyone, for any purpose. It also describes certain permissible
restrictions that respect or protect these essential freedoms. The
definition distinguishes between free works, and free licenses which can be used to legally protect the status of a free work. The definition itself is not a license; it is a tool to determine whether a work or license should be considered "free."

  Preamble 
Social and technological advances make it possible for a growing part of humanity to access, create, modify, publish and distribute various kinds of works - artworks, scientific and educational materials, software, articles - in short: anything that can be represented in digital form. Many communities have formed to exercise those new possibilities and create a wealth of collectively re-usable works.
Most authors, whatever their field of activity, whatever their
amateur or professional status, have a genuine interest in favoring an
ecosystem where works can be spread, re-used and derived in creative
ways. The easier it is to re-use and derive works, the richer our
cultures become. To ensure the graceful functioning of this ecosystem, works of authorship should be free, and by freedom we mean:

 the freedom to use the work and enjoy the benefits of using it
 the freedom to study the work and to apply knowledge acquired from it
 the freedom to make and redistribute copies, in whole or in part, of the information or expression
 the freedom to make changes and improvements, and to distribute derivative works
If authors do not take action, their works are covered by existing
copyright laws, which severely limit what others can and cannot do.
Authors can make their works free by choosing among a number of legal
documents known as licenses. For an author, choosing to put their work
under a free license does not mean that they lose all their rights, but it gives to anyone the freedoms listed above.
It is important that any work that claims to be free provides,
practically and without any risk, the aforementioned freedoms. This is
why we hereafter give a precise definition of freedom for licenses and for works of authorship.

  Identifying Free Cultural Works 
This is the Definition of Free Cultural Works, and when
describing your work, we encourage you to make reference to this
definition, as in, "This is a freely licensed work, as explained in the
Definition of Free Cultural Works." If you do not like the term
"Free Cultural Work," you can use the generic term "Free Content," or
refer instead to one of the existing movements that express similar freedoms in more specific contexts. We also encourage you to use the Free Cultural Works logos and buttons, which are in the public domain.
Please be advised that such identification does not actually confer the rights described in this definition; for your work to be truly free, it must use one of the Free Culture Licenses or be in the public domain.
We discourage you to use other terms to identify Free Cultural
Works which do not convey a clear definition of freedom, such as "Open
Content" and "Open Access." These terms are often used to refer to
content which is available under "less restrictive" terms than those of
existing copyright laws, or even for works that are just "available on
the Web".

  Defining Free Culture Licenses 
Licenses are legal instruments through which the owner of certain
legal rights may transfer these rights to third parties. Free Culture
Licenses do not take any rights away -- they are always optional to
accept, and if accepted, they grant freedoms which copyright law alone
does not provide. When accepted, they never limit or reduce existing
exemptions in copyright laws.

  Essential freedoms 
In order to be recognized as "free" under this definition, a license must grant the following freedoms without limitation:

 The freedom to use and perform the work: The licensee
must be allowed to make any use, private or public, of the work. For
kinds of works where it is relevant, this freedom should include all
derived uses ("related rights") such as performing or interpreting the
work. There must be no exception regarding, for example, political or
religious considerations.
 The freedom to study the work and apply the information:
The licensee must be allowed to examine the work and to use the
knowledge gained from the work in any way. The license may not, for
example, restrict "reverse engineering".
 The freedom to redistribute copies: Copies may be
sold, swapped or given away for free, as part of a larger work, a
collection, or independently. There must be no limit on the amount of
information that can be copied. There must also not be any limit on who
can copy the information or on where the information can be copied.
 The freedom to distribute derivative works: In order
to give everyone the ability to improve upon a work, the license must
not limit the freedom to distribute a modified version (or, for
physical works, a work somehow derived from the original), regardless
of the intent and purpose of such modifications. However, some
restrictions may be applied to protect these essential freedoms or the
attribution of authors (see below).
  Permissible restrictions 
Not all restrictions on the use or distribution of works impede
essential freedoms. In particular, requirements for attribution, for
symmetric collaboration (i.e., "copyleft"), and for the protection of
essential freedom are considered permissible restrictions.

  Defining Free Cultural Works 
In order to be considered free, a work must be covered by a Free Culture License, or its legal status must provide the same essential freedoms
enumerated above. It is not, however, a sufficient condition. Indeed, a
specific work may be non-free in other ways that restrict the essential
freedoms. These are the additional conditions in order for a work to be
considered free:

 Availability of source data: Where a final work has
been obtained through the compilation or processing of a source file or
multiple source files, all underlying source data should be available
alongside the work itself under the same conditions. This can be the
score of a musical composition, the models used in a 3D scene, the data
of a scientific publication, the source code of a computer application,
or any other such information.  Use of a free format: For digital files, the format
in which the work is made available should not be protected by patents,
unless a world-wide, unlimited and irrevocable royalty-free grant is
given to make use of the patented technology. While non-free formats
may sometimes be used for practical reasons, a free format copy must be available for the work to be considered free.
 No technical restrictions: The work must be available in a form where no technical measures are used to limit the freedoms enumerated above.
 No other restrictions or limitations: The work itself
must not be covered by legal restrictions (patents, contracts, etc.) or
limitations (such as privacy rights) which would impede the freedoms
enumerated above. A work may make use of existing legal exemptions to
copyright (in order to cite copyrighted works), though only the
portions of it which are unambiguously free constitute a free work.
In other words, whenever the user of a work cannot legally or
practically exercise his or her basic freedoms, the work cannot be
considered and should not be called "free."

  Further reading 
 See Licenses for discussion of individual licenses, and whether they meet this definition or not.
 See History for acknowledgments and background on this definition.
 See the FAQ for some questions and answers.
 See Portal:Index for topic-specific pages about free cultural works.
  Versioning 
New versions of this definition shall be released as soon as a consensus (achieved directly or through a vote, as per the authoring process)
has developed around suggested changes. Numbering shall be 0.x for
initial draft releases, 1.x, 2.x .. for major releases, x.1, x.2 .. for
minor releases. A minor release is made when the text is modified in
ways which do not have an impact on the scope of existing or
hypothetical licenses covered by this definition.



* Design Science License (DSL) - Version 1.0


DESIGN SCIENCE LICENSE

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

Copyright © 1999-2001 Michael Stutz 
Verbatim copying of this document is permitted, in any medium.

0. PREAMBLE.

Copyright law gives certain exclusive rights to the author of a work,
including the rights to copy, modify and distribute the work (the
"reproductive," "adaptative," and "distribution" rights).

The idea of "copyleft" is to willfully revoke the exclusivity of those
rights under certain terms and conditions, so that anyone can copy and
distribute the work or properly attributed derivative works, while all
copies remain under the same terms and conditions as the original.

The intent of this license is to be a general "copyleft" that can be
applied to any kind of work that has protection under copyright. This
license states those certain conditions under which a work published
under its terms may be copied, distributed, and modified.

Whereas "design science" is a strategy for the development of
artifacts as a way to reform the environment (not people) and
subsequently improve the universal standard of living, this Design
Science License was written and deployed as a strategy for promoting
the progress of science and art through reform of the environment.

1. DEFINITIONS.

"License" shall mean this Design Science License. The License applies
to any work which contains a notice placed by the work's copyright
holder stating that it is published under the terms of this Design
Science License.

"Work" shall mean such an aforementioned work. The License also
applies to the output of the Work, only if said output constitutes a
"derivative work" of the licensed Work as defined by copyright law.

"Object Form" shall mean an executable or performable form of the
Work, being an embodiment of the Work in some tangible medium.

"Source Data" shall mean the origin of the Object Form, being the
entire, machine-readable, preferred form of the Work for copying and
for human modification (usually the language, encoding or format in
which composed or recorded by the Author); plus any accompanying
files, scripts or other data necessary for installation, configuration
or compilation of the Work.

(Examples of "Source Data" include, but are not limited to, the
following: if the Work is an image file composed and edited in PNG
format, then the original PNG source file is the Source Data; if the
Work is an MPEG 1.0 layer 3 digital audio recording made from a WAV
format audio file recording of an analog source, then the original WAV
file is the Source Data; if the Work was composed as an unformatted
plaintext file, then that file is the Source Data; if the Work was
composed in LaTeX, the LaTeX file(s) and any image files and/or custom
macros necessary for compilation constitute the Source Data.)

"Author" shall mean the copyright holder(s) of the Work.

The individual licensees are referred to as "you."

2. RIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT.

The Work is copyrighted by the Author. All rights to the Work are
reserved by the Author, except as specifically described below. This
License describes the terms and conditions under which the Author
permits you to copy, distribute and modify copies of the Work.

In addition, you may refer to the Work, talk about it, and (as
dictated by "fair use") quote from it, just as you would any
copyrighted material under copyright law.

Your right to operate, perform, read or otherwise interpret and/or
execute the Work is unrestricted; however, you do so at your own risk,
because the Work comes WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY -- see Section 7 ("NO
WARRANTY") below.

3. COPYING AND DISTRIBUTION.

Permission is granted to distribute, publish or otherwise present
verbatim copies of the entire Source Data of the Work, in any medium,
provided that full copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty, where
applicable, is conspicuously published on all copies, and a copy of
this License is distributed along with the Work.

Permission is granted to distribute, publish or otherwise present
copies of the Object Form of the Work, in any medium, under the terms
for distribution of Source Data above and also provided that one of
the following additional conditions are met:

(a) The Source Data is included in the same distribution, distributed
under the terms of this License; or

(b) A written offer is included with the distribution, valid for at
least three years or for as long as the distribution is in print
(whichever is longer), with a publicly-accessible address (such as a
URL on the Internet) where, for a charge not greater than
transportation and media costs, anyone may receive a copy of the
Source Data of the Work distributed according to the section above; or

(c) A third party's written offer for obtaining the Source Data at no
cost, as described in paragraph (b) above, is included with the
distribution. This option is valid only if you are a non-commercial
party, and only if you received the Object Form of the Work along with
such an offer.

You may copy and distribute the Work either gratis or for a fee, and
if desired, you may offer warranty protection for the Work.

The aggregation of the Work with other works that are not based on the
Work -- such as but not limited to inclusion in a publication,
broadcast, compilation, or other media -- does not bring the other
works in the scope of the License; nor does such aggregation void the
terms of the License for the Work.

4. MODIFICATION.

Permission is granted to modify or sample from a copy of the Work,
producing a derivative work, and to distribute the derivative work
under the terms described in the section for distribution above,
provided that the following terms are met:

(a) The new, derivative work is published under the terms of this
License.

(b) The derivative work is given a new name, so that its name or title
cannot be confused with the Work, or with a version of the Work, in
any way.

(c) Appropriate authorship credit is given: for the differences
between the Work and the new derivative work, authorship is attributed
to you, while the material sampled or used from the Work remains
attributed to the original Author; appropriate notice must be included
with the new work indicating the nature and the dates of any
modifications of the Work made by you.

5. NO RESTRICTIONS.

You may not impose any further restrictions on the Work or any of its
derivative works beyond those restrictions described in this License.

6. ACCEPTANCE.

Copying, distributing or modifying the Work (including but not limited
to sampling from the Work in a new work) indicates acceptance of these
terms. If you do not follow the terms of this License, any rights
granted to you by the License are null and void. The copying,
distribution or modification of the Work outside of the terms
described in this License is expressly prohibited by law.

If for any reason, conditions are imposed on you that forbid you to
fulfill the conditions of this License, you may not copy, distribute
or modify the Work at all.

If any part of this License is found to be in conflict with the law,
that part shall be interpreted in its broadest meaning consistent with
the law, and no other parts of the License shall be affected.

7. NO WARRANTY.

THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COMES WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WORK, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS


* Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License (WTFPL) - Version 1.0


Do What The Fuck You Want to Public License

Version 1.0, March 2000 Copyright (C) 2000 Banlu Kemiyatorn (]d). 136 Nives 7 Jangwattana 14 Laksi Bangkok Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Ok, the purpose of this license is simple and you just

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


* Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License (WTFPL) - Version 2.0


DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE 

 Version 2, December 2004 

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar 

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified   copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long   as the name is changed. 

 DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 

 0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


Events :
----------------------------------

     Creative Archive Licence (CAL) - Version 1.0 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 06, 2017

     Creative Archive Licence (CAL) - Version 1.0 -- Last Updated on http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 06, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/