Freely Reusable Public Information Licence - Version 1
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : Republic of France

Text :
----------------------------------


Preamble:
 This license aims at specifying the legal conditions of the re-use of public information that is freely reusable.
 It particularly specifies the rights to adapt the public information with a view to a commercial activity or not.
The rights conceded by the present license do not imply any transfer of property right on the public information.
 It aims at facilitating the re-use of public information in the context of the development of the information society.
 According to Article 8 of the 17th November 2003 2003/98/CE directive
“The state institutions may authorize the re-use of documents without
any conditions or may impose conditions, possibly by the means of a
license which would deal with relevant questions. These conditions do
not wrongly limit the re-use possibilities and are not used to restrain
competition”.
 Since the coming into force of the order n° 2006-650 modifying
the 17th July 1978 law, public information is in principle freely
reusable.
 The re-use of public information is a right that is granted to
any moral or physical person in the perspective of a commercial
activity or not.
 According to Article 10 of the law n° 78-753 of the 17th July 1978, “the
information stored in documents elaborated by or in possession of the
administrations mentioned in Article 1, whatever the format may be, may
be used by any person who would wish it and for other reasons than
those of the public service mission for the needs of which the
documents have been elaborated or are held”.
 This license aims at certifying the legal qualification of
public information in the sense of the French law and the laws n°78-753
of 17th July 1978.
 This license applies to « public information », that
is to say information lying in administrative documents or in
possession of the State, local authorities, or public or private
institutions that are in charge of a public service mission.
 According to Article 10 of that law, the following do not constitute « public information »:
 the information present in documents that are accessible according to the 17th
July 1978 law or any other provision of the law. However, if those same
documents are publicly diffused, the information they contain are then
reusable.
the information which participates in an industrial and commercial public service mission.
the information present in documents over which third-parties have
rights of intellectual property, with the exception of a re-use
agreement expressed by these third-parties.
 The present license certifies the legal qualification of
public information of the data included in the document diffused under
this license. It guaranties that the conceding party has all the rights
conceded below and, whenever needed, the rights of intellectual
property for the document containing the public information accessible
under this license.
 The present license specifies the legal conditions of re-use
of public information as specified in Article 12 of the law n°78-753 17
July 1978 which imposes that the data “be not altered, that their
meaning be not transformed, and that their sources and their update
dates be mentioned”.
 They specify the rights and obligations of the licensee
re-user of public information accessible under the present license. The
licensee commits himself to use the public information of the conceding
party strictly abiding by the corresponding rules.
 1. Source and date of accessibility
 The licensee commits himself to indicate the source as well as
the update date of information without these excerpts being possibly
interpreted as any kind of guaranty given by the conceding party.
 1.1           Source
 The licensee commits himself to indicating the source, and
when needed, regarding the paternity right, the name of the public
agents authors of intellectual works. If these particulars exist, they
appear in the part of the document containing the public information
where the persons who participated in its development are stated, or on
the format from which the document is accessible.
 1.2    Date of accessibility
 The licensee commits himself to indicate the date of the last
update of the public information that is in the document the day of the
re-use.
2. Exclusivity
The license confers to the licensee a personal and non exclusive right of reusing the public information.
 3. Duration/ territory
 The license is granted worldwide until 31st December of the year of the contract, and then every 1st January by tacit renewal.
 4. Commercial or non commercial usage of the re-use
 The reusing is free of charge and does not necessitate any
payment to the conceding party by the licensee, including when it
concerns the commercial use of the public information re-used, whenever
it is commercialised after new treatments and in a new product or
service for the third-parties.
 The reusing, commercial or not, shall be done by the licensee:
he shall not act as intermediary and resell the public information as
is to a third-party for commercialisation.
 5. Reproduction
 The licensee is authorized to reproduce all re-used public
information on all existing formats or unknown ones up to the present
day.
 6. Modification
 The licensee is authorized to modify all re-used public
information on condition of respecting their integrity. Modifications
bear on re-used public information copies made by the licensee and
diffused under his signature.
 6.1. Information deterioration
 The licensee especially verifies that the reprocessing does not deteriorate the contents of information.
Information modification is expressly authorized to enable their
documentary, technical or editorial enrichment. It notably endeavors to
give information about metadata, to make re-used public information
interoperable with other information or to update it.
 6.2. Distortion of the meaning
 The licensee especially verifies that the reprocessing does not change the meaning of words.
Insertion of comments must be clearly distinguished from the licensor contents.
The licensee is not authorized to make cuts deteriorating the meaning of the re-used public information.
 7. Re-accessibility
 The licensee is authorized to concede sub-licenses, commercial
or not, on re-used public information when they are treated afresh and
they are included in a new product or service.
Integral, free and without value-added re-accessibility of re-used
public information to third-parties is forbidden, unless it is made
under this current license or expressly authorized by the licensor.
 8. Termination
 Every breach of this current license will lead to an automatic
termination. However, this license keeps its effects towards physical
or moral persons, who have received re-used public information from the
licensee, under the conditions of Articles 6 and 7.
This current license is enforceable during all the period of the
public information re-use, according to the applicable law.
Nevertheless, the licensor, at any time, reserves the right to submit
the public information re-use to different contractual conditions, or
to stop their accessibility;
However, the recourse to this option must not lead to withdrawing the effects of this current license.
 9. Liability
 The licensor guarantees he owns all the rights granted in this
current license. The licensor cannot be liable for erroneous, missing,
or irregular information. He cannot be liable for the casual
unavailability of the information when this unavailability is due to an
act of God or chargeable to a third-party.
He cannot be liable for the way the re-used public information is
transmitted to third-parties or re-used by the licensee, in combination
with other information.
The licensee will carry alone the financial consequences in case of
third party claim against the licensor, based on the re-use made by the
licensee.
 10. Sanctions
 Every person reusing the public information in violation of
the provisions of Law 78-753 on July 17th 1978 is subject to the fine
set by Article 18 of that law.
 11. Applicable law/ Litigations
 In case of litigation about the interpretation or the
completion of this license, the parties commit themselves to seek an
amicable solution. If such a solution cannot be found in a period of 90
days from the announcement of the litigation by one of the parties to
the other, the dispute will be referred to the court of competent
jurisdiction in Paris adjudicating by French law.
Applicable texts
> Law n°78-753 on July 17th 1978
> Directive 2003/98/EC on November 17th  2003
> Ordinance n°2005-650 on June 6th 2005
> Decree n°2005-1755 on December 30th 2005
> Prime Minister Circular n°5156/SG on May 29th 2006



Events :
----------------------------------

     Freely Reusable Public Information Licence - Version 1 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 08, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/