Libre Commons Res Divini Juris License - Version 1.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : David M. Berry

Text :
----------------------------------


Libre Commons Res Divini Juris License 

Temples, tombs, religious statues and places were considered to  belong to no one because they were in the service of the gods,  the impediment to being turned into property was not natural  but divine. Following Heidegger's call that only a God can save  us, the God in question is that that can produce a clearing, the  possibility of another place, making a different world. Drawn  from a concept of Species Being (i.e. commonalty), works that  are contributed to the Res Divini Juris are commited to the  human specis as a whole. Beyond Temporal Law and the liberal  legal system, we could think of it as a space of the permanent  state of exception. For the common heritage of mankind. 

License text 

The Res Divini Juris license is designed to so that sacred spaces  can be opened up, and offer the possibility of contestation and  debate which can discuss matters of public importance as a  practical activity. What is endangered under modem capitalism  is a source of resistance. Treating everything as resources makes  possible endless disaggregation, redistribution, and  reaggregation for its own sake. This can be seen as a period of  deindustrialisation and growth in the communicational and  semiotic as generators of surplus value in the period after the  second world war, the informational economy has emerged as a  moment where capitalism seeks to enclosure cultural texts to  maximise profit, the shift from the consumption of goods to the  consumption of experiences. 

Alternatively, background practices work by gathering  and so bringing things into their own (i.e. uncovering). The  gathering of local practices around things produces temporary,  self-enclosed local worlds that can resist the totalising and  dispersing effects of the flexible and efficient ordering under  capitalism. 

1 . By using this license you are agreeing to allow your work to  be shared as a step on the path of revealing. Within the realm of  the gods, the work will contribute to a shared new world of  collective practices and networks of singularities operating  within a non-instrumental and communal life. 

2. All work that is so inscribed should bear the text '(L) 2005  Libre Commons Res Divini Juris License'. 

3. This license operates under a permanent state of exception. It  is a result of radical democratic practices beyond the state. 

4. Users of the license are committed to political action and  social struggle. 

 To Use This License 

Simply append the following statement to your work: 

(L)  Libre Commons Res Divini Juris License


Events :
----------------------------------

     Libre Commons Res Divini Juris License - Version 1.0 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 10, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/