Physnet Package License - Version 1.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : PhysNet

Text :
----------------------------------



The Physnet Package License


Preamble
The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which a Physnet
Package may be copied, such that the Copyright Holder maintains some semblance
of artistic control over the development of the package, while giving the
users of the package the right to use and distribute the Package in a more-or-less
customary fashion plus the right to make reasonable modifications. This
document is a slight modification of one issued by Larry Wall (http://language.perl.com/misc/Artistic.html).

Definitions


"Package" refers to any collection of files distributed by the Copyright
Holder, in whatever form, and derivatives of that collection of files created
through textual or format modification.


"Standard Version" refers to such a Package if it has not been modified,
or has been modified in accordance with the wishes of the Copyright Holder
as specified below.


"Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights for
the package.


"You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing a Physnet
Package.


"Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the basis of media
cost, duplication charges, time of people involved, and so on. You will
not be required to justify it to the Copyright Holder, but only to the
educational community at large as a market that must bear the fee.


"Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item itself, though
there may be fees involved in handling the item. It also means that recipients
of the item may redistribute it under the same conditions under which they
received it.

License


You may make and give away complete verbatim copies of the Standard Version
of a Physnet Package without restriction.


You may apply modifications as obtained from the Copyright Holder. A package
modified in such a way shall still be considered to be the Standard Version.


You may modify your copy of a Physnet Package in any way, provided that
you name any non-Standard items so the names do not conflict with the names
of Standard items and provide a separate page for each nonstandard item
that clearly documents how it differs from any named Standard Version item
having similar functionality, and provided that you do at least ONE of
the following:


place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them Freely
Available, such as by posting said modifications to a relevant major user
online group, or by placing the modifications on a relevant major archive
site, or by persuading the Copyright Holder to include your modifications
in the Standard Version of the Package.


use the modified Package only within your own school or corporation.


make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

You may distribute the items of a Physnet Package provided that you do
at least ONE of the following:


distribute a Standard Version of the items, together with instructions
(in a cover page or equivalent) on where to get the Standard Version.


give non-Standard items non-Standard names, and clearly document the differences
in doc pages (or equivalent), together with instructions on where to get
the Standard Version.


make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of a Physnet
Package. You may charge any fee you choose for support of the package.
You may not charge a fee for the package itself. However, you may distribute
the package in aggregate with other (possibly commercial) material as part
of a larger (possibly commercial) distribution provided that you do not
advertise the Physnet Package as a product of your own. You may embed the
package within an executable of yours (by linking), provided that the complete
Standard Version of the package is so embedded.


You may not distribute a printed (on paper) collection of Physnet Packages
that can be used as a textbook without specific prior written permission.
This condition may be relaxed at some point in the future.


The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to imply endorsement or
to promote products derived from a Physnet Package without specific prior
written permission.


A PHYSNET PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
End


Events :
----------------------------------

     Physnet Package License - Version 1.0 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 12, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/