Salutation Public License - Version 1.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------

People :
----------------------------------

Author : The Salutation Consortium

Text :
----------------------------------


Salutation Public License









Salutation
Public License

THE
ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS SALUTATION PUBLIC
LICENSE (THE "AGREEMENT").  ANY
USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF
THIS AGREEMENT. 

1.
DEFINITIONS.   

"Contribution"
means: 

(a)
in the case of Salutation Consortium ("Salutation"), the original
version of the software accompanying this Agreement as released by Salutation,
including source code, object code and documentation, if any, and 

 

(b) in the case of each Contributor, (i) changes to
the Program, and (ii) additions to the Program; where the changes and/or
additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular
Contributor.  A Contribution
'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by the
Contributor itself or anyone acting on the Contributor's behalf. 
Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (1) are
separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under
their own license agreement, and (2) are not derivative works of the Program.
"Contributor"
means Salutation and any other entity that distributes the Program. 

"Program"
means the Contributions made by all contributors. 

"You"
refers to the individual or legal entity exercising rights under this Agreement. 


2.
GRANT OF RIGHTS 

(a)
Subject to third party intellectual property claims, and the terms of this
Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants you:

 

(i)
a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare
derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and
sublicense the Contributor's Contribution, if any, and any derivative works, in
source code and object code form; and

 

(ii)
a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent
license under patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily
infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the
Program to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the
Contributor's Contribution, if any, in source code and object code form (but
this patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the
Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such
addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the above
patent claims; the patent license shall not apply to any other combinations
which include the Contribution). 

 

(b)
Although each Contributor grants the above licenses to its Contributions, they
do not promise that the Program does not infringe the patent or other
intellectual property rights of any other entity. 
Each Contributor disclaims any liability to you for claims brought by any
other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. 
You hereby assume sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual
property rights needed, if any.  For
example, if a third party patent license is required to allow you to distribute
the Program, it is your responsibility to acquire that license before
distributing the Program.

3.
REQUIREMENTS. 


A
Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its
own license agreement, provided that: 

(a)
the Contributor complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

 

(b)
the Contributor's license agreement:  (i)
effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and
conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and
non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose; (ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all
Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special,
incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits; (iii) states that
any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor
alone and not by any other party; and (iv) states that source code for the
Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain
it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software
exchange. 

When the
Program is made available in source code form: 

(a)
it must be made available under this Agreement; and 

 

(b)
a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program. 

Each
Contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location in the Program:


Copyright
© 2000, Salutation Consortium and others. All
Rights Reserved. 

In
addition, each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its
Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent recipients
to identify the originator of the Contribution. 

4.
COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION.  

Commercial
distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end
users, business partners and others.  While
this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the
Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering must do so
in a way which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. 
Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product
offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to
defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified
Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively
"Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions
brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent
caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection
with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. 
In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: (a) promptly notify
the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and (b) allow the
Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor
in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. 
The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own
expense. 

5. NO
WARRANTY.  

EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS
IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using
and distributing the Program and assume all risks associated with your exercise
of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs
of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data,
programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations. 

6.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY.  

EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER YOU NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL
HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

7.
GENERAL.  

If any
provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of
this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision
shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid
and enforceable. 

If you
institute patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent
applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit),
then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to you under this Agreement
shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.  In addition, if you institute patent litigation against any
entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or
hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then your rights granted under
Section 2(a)(ii) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. 

All of
your rights under this Agreement shall terminate if you fail to comply with any
of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and do not cure such
failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such
noncompliance.  If your rights under
this Agreement terminate, you agree to cease use and distribution of the Program
as soon as reasonably practicable.  However,
your obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by your relating
to the Program shall continue and survive. 

Salutation
may publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to
time.  Each new version of the
Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. 
The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject
to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. 
In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published,
Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions)
under the new version.  No one other
than Salutation has the right to modify this Agreement. 
Except as expressly stated in Section 2(a) above, you receive no rights
or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this
Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. 
All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are
reserved. 

The Program is a ''commercial item,'' as that term
is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of ''commercial computer
software'' and ''commercial computer software documentation,'' as such terms are
used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users
acquire the Program with only those rights set forth herein.
You may not use or otherwise export or reexport
the Program except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the
jurisdiction in which the Program was obtained. In particular, but without
limitation, the Program may not be exported or reexported (i) into (or to a
national or resident of) any U.S. embargoed country or (ii) to anyone on the
U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Table of Denial Orders. By using the Program, you
represent and warrant that you are not located in, under control of, or a
national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
This
Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and the intellectual
property laws of the United States of America. 
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.
No party
to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one
year after the cause of action arose. 



Events :
----------------------------------

     Salutation Public License - Version 1.0 -- Added to http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 12, 2017

     Salutation Public License - Version 1.0 -- Last Updated on http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com : May 12, 2017

About This Textfile :
----------------------------------

     Text file generated from : 
http://www.CopyLeftLicense.com/